The Joe Rogan experience.
There's too many of 'em. It's amazing. They're still alive. Isn't it?
So many of 'em when you see one how ancient they look. Yeah.
They're dinosaurs. They're legit dinosaurs, right? Yeah.
And they're all over the place. We were talking the other day about, uh,
Disneyland in Florida that over the last few years they've pulled hundreds of
alligators outta Disney world. Dude.
That girl got eaten. Yeah. A little kid. Yeah.
Yeah. Imagine your two year old. You remember?
You remember what it was like when your, your kids were two. Yeah.
Like you love them so much. You're so protective of them. Mm-hmm <affirmative>.
Yeah. They're so vulnerable and.
Kill killed by an alligator.
Yeah. That is a lawsuit.
Oh God. I'm sure. But they probably just paid 'em off. I mean,
Disneyland's just printing money. Yeah. Or Disney world. Yeah.
Disneyland's been shut down for a year.
Is that the one in California?
Yeah. They're open again now.
But they were trying to Sue to try to get open again. You know, they had the,
the strictest laws in California when it came to COVID,
but it didn't have an impact on like the number of cases.
It didn't have the impact on the number of deaths. Yeah.
Like in comparison to Florida where they just went buck wild and wide open.
Right. It's like Florida did better.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> with their cunty alligators wandering around.
Now they got, the Everglades are filled with Ana pythons.
Oh, pythons.
Yeah. They killed all the mammals.
They did this study on mammals in the Everglades. Yeah.
They used to have raccoons and marsh hairs and all these different deer.
Nothing. Wow. Nothing everything's gone. It's all pythons.
Its pythons and alligators. It's so bad. Now that pythons are eating alligators.
I saw video of that. It's crazy.
Ah, there's a, there's a photo famous photo. Florida.
Python challenge gets underway with a new $10,000 prize. Yeah.
They're trying to, what they really should do is, uh, first of all, California,
which is so dumb, you can't buy Python goods.
Why?
Because they're. They've just decided that's an exotic and we don't want it.
It's just political. It's completely. It's it's it's all about optics, right?
Like the idea that you're gonna have these exotics,
like why is it okay to have like lamb skin or
sheep skin? Why is that? Okay? Yeah.
Why is it okay to have OS with sheeps skin inside of 'em that's okay. It's okay.
To have a leather jacket. It's not okay to have a CTY Python. Yeah.
Like what the? That's crazy. Doesn't make any sense. Yeah.
There's no logic to it at all. Hmm. You can't have pythons. And meanwhile,
what they should do is make it a available everywhere and,
and make it so it's commercially fishable that you can go or huntable.
You can go out the there and collect these pythons. If it's very valuable,
they'll they'll at least be able to put a dent. The problem is it's all swamps.
So they can't even find them.
They're never gonna put a dent. That, that is that ship is sail. Look.
At this 185 pound Burmese Python captured in Naples might be the
heaviest in Florida history. How big.
That I think it might've been 16 feet. They also got a, this was a female.
They got a male that was 140 with it.
I saw one there's one somewhere that how big do those things get? Like,
what's the biggest Python. I was looking at some thing on the, uh, internet.
And I was like, is this real?
Cuz it was said they found a 30 foot Python and it was eating dogs.
Oh yeah.
They get that big. Well.
It ate a alligator longest alligator.
Long. According to this longest in Florida. Uh, 18.9.
Feet. What about longest in like, uh, I think this was in um, some Indonesia,
south Pacific, somewhere in the, a, in Asia. It's all pets.
85 Pounds is big enough to eat 150 pound man.
Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. That's wall Jojo. Yeah. Yeah.
Another thing they have in Florida that's everywhere is IU.
Gus mm-hmm <affirmative> everywhere. Yeah. There's I've been,
I've went down a YouTube rabbit hole the other day where people hunt and cook
iguanas in their backyard. Wow. Yeah. Cause people who live on canals,
they live near canals. They uh,
they get like a bow fishing setup and they're out there shooting and killing AU
GUAS and they turn 'em into chicken wings. Wow. Yeah.
They whack their legs off and they fry 'em they fry 'em up and they batter 'em
and make like these, it looks delicious. Like these Asian dishes,
this might be the one that's it? That's the one. So 33 feet. 33 feet. Holy.
That's exactly the one. Where was that? It says it was excuse me in Brazil.
Brazil. Yeah. Jesus Christ. Oh my God. Oh my God.
The size of that thing. Holy. Are you? You can't fake that.
Right? What is that thing? Eat.
Dogs. That's what they were saying. Giant snake found in Brazil. 10 meters.
Wow. Oh my God. Look how fat that thing is.
That is so crazy. That that's a real creature that lives alongside us.
A imagine if you're just hiking and you see a 30 foot it's snake staring you
down. I mean that is so big.
Wait, that's an Anaconda. Is the Python in Anaconda?
The same thing? No different 33 foot Anaconda. Yeah.
Well that was that movie with Jennifer Lopez.
Remember Anaconda mm-hmm <affirmative> where they were even bigger because they,
they think that there used to be giant anacondas in the Amazon that were even
bigger than that. Like what is the biggest,
like the myth of the giant Anaconda is something that's apparently it's in
dispute. Whether or not they're real thing. That's.
I, I was trying to find the biggest Python, which I did see it.
Does this say a reticulate Python can grow up to 30.
Feet, but anacondas I believe are, are bigger. I.
Typed in biggest snake. That's how I got that.
Which was Anaconda.
I think they think that at one point in time anacondas would get to a hundred
feet long. Like there's all, it's all meth.
It's hard to tell what's horses or not.
But there's like photos of ones that people took from planes where you see this
thing that looks like a telephone pole, but a hundred foot long telephone pole.
Yeah. Making its way through the water like that big. Wow.
I don't know if it's real.
Though. Dude. The alligators get big in Florida too. My, uh,
my mom lives down there and she plays golf and there's a,
a pond that has alligators in it. Like on the golf course on the golf course,
they just wander around <laugh>.
And so she was standing on the edge of the pond. One day,
her ball is near the edge. And for some reason she decides to play it,
not kick it out in the fairway. She plays it from the edge.
She takes the club back and she lose her balance and falls in the water
over her head goes under and then goes to get out of the water. And she's,
she's like pulling herself up, but it's a muddy slope and she can't get out.
She's like flailing on the side. Oh my.
And somebody helps her out and she got out the water and I mean, she,
she was so scared that when she got,
she started laughing and she was laying on the side of the pond, but.
Like two minutes.
<Laugh> my mom's like five, two.
Oh my God. She's 78 years old. Oh my God. <laugh> imagine.
That's how she went out. Yeah. Golfing near.
A pond, getting spun around in circles by an alligator in the water.
What's the worst animal to die at the hands of if you had to choose.
Probably hyenas wolves. Hyen cuz they eat you guts first. Yeah.
Yeah. If you see hyena videos,
they're they're pulling like Gazelle's they pull their guts out. Uhhuh.
They're eating 'em guts. First coyotes do that too. They eat you first.
Oh wow. The.
Yeah. Um, a friend of mine who was a wildlife biologist was telling me about,
um, there,
there was a girl who got killed in Canada a few years back by coyotes and
the particular area where she was in, she was a real, um, a petite girl.
And she apparently was a very talented singer.
She was a talented like folk singer or um, yeah, I think that's what it was.
I think she was a folk singer and uh, strong for a walk. Yeah. Yeah.
<laugh> and uh, she got killed by coyotes, which is super, super rare. Yeah.
But he was saying that is one of the worst ways to go cuz they,
they tried to kill you.
First her death is the only known fatal coyote attack on adult as well as the
only known fatal kayak coyote attack on a human ever confirmed in Canada.
Mm wow. She was 19 years old in Nova Scotia.
It's crazy catch new episodes that Joe Rogan experience for free
only on Spotify, watch back catalog J R E V. Videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between video
and audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data cost. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the JRE on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan experience.